Speaker 1  0:00  
I so I didn't like that one, that one's out. Okay. I didn't like that one, yep, didn't like that one, yep, that one's too much like the optic core, yep,

Speaker 2  0:15  
that's what I said to Zoe, Zoe, and ride. Oh, okay, so that's what they picked. But that's was my concern with that one, that it was too close to the optic core blue, and

Speaker 1  0:28  
then that one was a little bit light. Number three, yep.

Unknown Speaker  0:35  
Very similar. I know. I think

Unknown Speaker  0:40  
it was out of one and four.

Speaker 1  0:50  
I think definitely five of them out of these three, and they're all very similar. They are this sort of blue gets a bit richer as we go up this way. Yeah. So what was your favorite?

Speaker 2  1:14  
I actually didn't really pick. I mean, I like the I think I like the original one that was design 37 which I think

Speaker 2  1:31  
was this one. I hope I can figure out which is which. Now I thought I had this up. I think it

Unknown Speaker  1:41  
was between one and four.

Speaker 2  1:47  
I mean, I think I liked the original, but one of those two, and the original is still one of the contenders. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:56  
that's funny, isn't it? Yeah, you were right from the start. You just needed to let us, you know. But these are very similar. This one's just a slight bit richer, isn't it a bit darker? Yeah,

Speaker 2  2:14  
it's like, so subtle. I don't want to give it just as a crop. Yes, I reckon it'll stop distractions.

Speaker 2  2:42  
I doing that, I'm immediately drawn to that one. This one's a bit bright, yeah, which means i It's interesting. It's not the original. So that's funny. So in isolation, I see

Speaker 1  3:03  
what you mean. Though, this one's almost a little bit too, like, maybe has a little bit too much greeny in it.

Speaker 2  3:11  
And, like, some of that could be, like, variant on our printer and stuff. Yeah, so let's pull them up. Like, this isn't that can't be, right? One in four. I had these in order original. There's no way that's that, unless our printer is messed up. Well,

Unknown Speaker  3:36  
if that's the case, I don't like that one

Speaker 2  3:38  
at all. Yeah. Anyway, four. Where's four? Just technically

Speaker 1  3:45  
this one, so it looks even greener there. Yeah, I'm not sure if the printers, so let's just have a look at them in

Unknown Speaker  4:00  
actually, I think I sent you, oh, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  4:07  
but yeah, you see it in the corner for yeah, there's one there, yeah, but obviously The printer doesn't print.

Speaker 2  4:20  
Let me maybe send I don't like four as much now, let me try and send these to Hong's printer. Okay, and see if that changes anything in the

Speaker 3  4:57  
different property, one to Eight, I,

Unknown Speaker  5:19  
if I make It not double sided, that's

Unknown Speaker  5:59  
it clicks, that's what I'm alright. Have.

Speaker 2  6:09  
So, let's see if content. homes. Okay.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
