Jordan  0:00  
Just pop this on so I can remember what we say. Just gonna jump right into it, because we'll go through the logo results. So I made a fun little presentation for us. Cool. Here we go. All right. So basically ended up in 13 votes across six rankings. So people were given six designs to choose from top six. So yeah. So after putting all the scores together and stuff, that one on the left hand side came out as the best performer, though that runner up did rank better, but it had, I don't like that middle one, the one on the left had more positions in the top, yeah. So much you can see from here. Sorry, I believe that is design 30. Eight, no. So you can kind of see how it spread out. People hated this one, but yeah, the one with the drop to the left, and they're not the biggest cool. So that's kind of where everything ended up based on the vote data, which I think kind of matched what you looking at. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:34  
the only thing I was thinking is we make that little little curve in the drop slightly smaller the

Jordan  1:41  
Yeah. Smaller in the like the curve white,

Speaker 1  1:47  
the white just shrink it down. I think there was one that had had it smaller, but the drop looked different or something,

Jordan  1:54  
yeah.

Speaker 1  2:00  
So there's not all the options there, obviously. So that drops really big, that white line, I'm happy with that logo. The only thing we were discussing is maybe splitting the colors on it or something, yes,

Jordan  2:14  
which is so when everyone was given this and the actual app where you vote, you are able to actually change it to view them in the different color variations. Oh, cool. So I believe this is the one that came out the winner. Yeah, I'm not sure about that blue. No, I think that was one of the blues. But yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:47  
I wanted to distinguish from optic or blue. I think that blues too. What do you think I don't like it.

Jordan  3:00  
I don't mind it, but yeah, I mean optic or blues a lot

Speaker 1  3:02  
darker. I mean, I don't want it to copy the optic or logo in terms of that blue. I don't

Jordan  3:11  
think it does, but we can definitely look at other blues. Yeah, let's look

Speaker 1  3:14  
at other blues and then see that bottom right one there. Yes, I know it's a bit more of a subtle Yeah. What do you think?

Jordan  3:21  
Yeah, we could just what use that drop with that typeface? Oh,

Speaker 1  3:27  
do do I like it? Maybe I don't like it that much. Actually, maybe that bigger drop is nicer that bigger white.

Jordan  3:34  
Let's see how that let me double check out that one performed

Unknown Speaker  3:38  
number 27 I think it

Jordan  3:42  
was 27 Seven, okay, pretty much

Jordan  4:20  
refresh so it ranked pretty varied was here,

Speaker 1  4:29  
yeah, cool. I actually think maybe, now that I look at them together, I kind of like the bigger

Jordan  4:39  
deviation wasn't too much, but

Unknown Speaker  4:43  
lower means more consensus. So yeah, that's why 37 was

Jordan  4:48  
like 38 wins by rank,

Unknown Speaker  4:53  
yeah, but if you look at standard deviation, top three count,

Jordan  4:57  
yeah, I don't mind

Speaker 1  4:59  
it. The only thing I want to look at is colors on that. So if you can maybe come up with some color palettes for it, yeah, that'd be great. And then we can sign are you happy with this? Yeah, okay, let me just go stay there. I'm just gonna send a photo and send it to Colin

Jordan  5:19  
say, do you just want the link to The presentation?

Unknown Speaker  5:23  
I'll just sit like this. That's fine.

Speaker 1  5:42  
I Okay, 2025, okay, the thing that'll be good if we have those colors is, at the moment, I think Colin's idea was the capital S delineated the opti from the seal. But if we change the colors, the colors will delineate that, and the stupid big guess will be caught, which will

Jordan  6:30  
make it a lot easier to use an actual

Speaker 1  6:34  
product. So all you're going to do now is come up with a color, some color schemes for us, but I'm quite happy with that,

Jordan  6:39  
which I still feel like I keep falling into a blue, yeah,

Speaker 1  6:44  
at least, yeah. No, I'm happy with blue. I just what shade of blue? Yeah, I think that's a bit like, a little bit too, too much for me at the moment, but maybe I'd need to see it printed or something.

Jordan  6:57  
Yeah. What is it about this Bluetooth, right? Yeah.

Speaker 1  7:01  
Like, it's almost, if it was lighter, it would almost be better. Or if it was dark, it would be better. I just think it's more like, maybe even like an aqua Well, at the moment, we've got a sort of aqua blue in there. I wouldn't say that.

Jordan  7:12  
What am I thinking of? Like? More like, No, I'm not thinking of that. I was thinking more when I'm saying aqua, that, yeah, right, isn't aqua, as opposed to this.

Speaker 1  7:28  
This is not aqua, no, this is just like, it's just a, almost not a baby blue, but close to,

Jordan  7:34  
yeah, it is closer to a baby blue. Yeah, a degree there. So it's slightly differentiated on my screen, but it's pretty similar. Maybe

Speaker 1  7:42  
just give us a couple of, like, a few pallet of blues that we can choose from. Yeah, do I think the blue is good? It signifies water. We're trying to water, like,

Jordan  7:52  
even just like, going through research and stuff is, like, everything seems to come back to blue because of the water and the seal and yeah, is. It's like, blue blacks and grays, really, yep, and

Speaker 1  8:16  
that shouldn't take too long to do the color palette stuff. Now that we've got it. I'm pretty happy with that.

Jordan  8:27  
All right, what

Speaker 1  8:29  
else? Okay, so now website, but you haven't done anything on the website to you at that logo sorted? Is that

Jordan  8:35  
right? Yeah, pretty much so I had since the last time you saw the website. Yep, nothing has changed, because obviously we want to get this right. Yeah, first,

Speaker 1  8:55  
cool. Do you want to work with Lyndal on once, just under the logo stuff, I sent you a spreadsheet of things that need to be updated. Yeah, I did briefly see that, if you could, you might need to work with Aaron as well on it, because we're going to have this, there's always more things than you think. Yeah, and I was going through something the other day, going, Oh God, we need to get new, like even the paper that I sometimes write little things on letterheads. Yeah? New letterheads. The website, there's signatures, product labels, product labels, tech data sheets like this. There's a lot. It's simply rebrand, yeah? So if we can just get a list of that that we're happy with, that'd be great. And it might be a task I just give to Linda once, you know, she can trawl through and check the list,

Jordan  9:47  
but I can, I can, like, even go back and look, okay, what have I actually done for up TCL before, yeah, and be like, Okay. And then

Speaker 1  9:53  
we're going to get together. Once we've got the logo, you're also going to put together, like, the a styling guide, a styling guide that we can use. We're gonna have to update our templates, you know, so that those styling guides are easy to use. And we'll arc. We've got to archive everything else. Yeah? So migration, yeah, migration of the branding, branding. Because, yeah, I think you want to do it properly. You don't want, yeah, like even the carton design on some of our acst stock out there. We're gonna need all those files updated, which,

Jordan  10:28  
I mean, that's one of the good things. I'm glad that I've got, like, John McMillan's stuff. Now, that was one of the things that we've been paying to try and get cool. And then I'll be like, we need to supply the logos to distributors stuff, because they have them on their website, yeah, so on,

Speaker 1  10:46  
yep. And then the brochures that we've got, like, physical brochures, you know, we want to look at current brochures. We've got even the banner downstairs. We might need a new one, like, yeah, like, there's, there's a fair bit, you know, logos on customers websites like Bowens, for example, exactly, which

Jordan  11:04  
is why I've spent a fair bit of time on the logo. Yeah,

Speaker 1  11:06  
yeah. No, I don't think we're getting, you know, we've chosen the style now. I think you're pretty happy with it, aren't you? Yeah, no, I think you've had your your twist on it, and I think it's now that look at that blue. I'm not opposed to it,

Jordan  11:21  
like I do see what you mean. And I feel like that blue is maybe just inch too light. Maybe

Speaker 1  11:26  
it's a bit jarring against the black. Maybe that's why. Maybe, maybe, if the optic seal was, when you look at it, a darker shade of gray, or maybe,

Jordan  11:36  
but there's always the thing, it's like, oh, well, maybe on a carton, it's all black, yeah? On a brochure, it's, yeah, this, like, you could do two with the two tone. You could say, oh, if it's part of this range, it goes that color, yeah, within the color, yeah,

Speaker 1  11:54  
kind of thing, yeah. But the logo that's going to be sitting on our business cards

Jordan  11:58  
and yeah, so you have your, like, primary logo, yeah, but then maybe there's a secondary,

Speaker 1  12:01  
yeah, cool, cool, cool. All right, so that's all good. You've migrated George's website email address across. Now I

Jordan  12:13  
think so. I think I tried to, can you get into George's emails? No, I can't. But let me do a test. I do day test, technical, actually, I think I can do a mail trace there.

Jordan  12:35  
But the last one I sent, I didn't get a um, bounce back. You didn't, I didn't know. That's good.

Jordan  13:02  
Okay? Here we go. Look here. So Colin sent, when was this? 24th first of May, yesterday, Colin sent to technical issue, to shore about this, and then at the same time it's gone, recipient to George, adoptee core. So it does look like it's working Jordan to tenacious to technical. And there goes Jordan to Georgia optic core, ship to short test. So it does appear to be working, cool.

Unknown Speaker  13:36  
Oh, we can ask George,

Jordan  13:42  
potentially. Can get into my box from this side,

Jordan  13:52  
unless it's got an authenticator app. Let's see. Here we go. I Okay,

Jordan  14:14  
where am I? I'm

Jordan  14:28  
I said it failed, but it did get sent.

Jordan  14:39  
Did you just send one now? No, I'll try now,

Unknown Speaker  14:43  
test from optic seal.

Jordan  14:49  
It does look like it's working. That's

Speaker 1  14:55  
good. It hasn't bounced back. So, yeah, great. So it's in Georgia, optic core, I

Jordan  15:03  
believe. Okay, hang on, locked into the wrong one. Give me a sec. So

Unknown Speaker  15:11  
I don't want you at technical I want you at optic core so I can just ask him. I

Jordan  15:23  
but based on the message trace you look here, you can see every time, so my email was that Colin to technical, the same thing at the same time it's going to, yeah, pretty

Speaker 1  15:35  
cool. Cool. I Okay,

Speaker 1  15:50  
that's all good. Then there's the seal, right? Proposal I wanted to chat to you about, yeah, so I made some comments on the first one, yeah, then when I read the second one, the updated that I don't think that would mention,

Jordan  16:09  
yeah, I think yeah, because I sent it as a new proposal instead of in the same one, yeah, yeah, I can get your comments up. Because, I think, because it's on the expired one, it wouldn't let me resend it. Yes. So your comments looks

Speaker 1  16:29  
good. Timing is fine. Passing is fine. Just from the answer, no worries. Invoice structure is fine. Deliverables look good. So if you scroll down through the actual, actual marketing proposal as we go through down, oh, scroll up, sorry, proposed over engagement. I imagine you will provide a report in the month. Scroll up. A little bit on that, on the not on the comment. This

Jordan  17:00  
is the new version here. This is the old version we're Looking at on the screen. Yep,

Jordan  17:12  
it's is it being so slow to

Jordan  18:06  
Okay, here's the document, previous one. This is the previous one, yeah, and I've got the current one as well.

Jordan  18:20  
To the revised you told me to go through where I've addressed your comments. Yep, that'd be good.

Jordan  18:32  
So it's fine on your end, pricing is fine.

Jordan  18:41  
Structure is fine. Deliverables look good. So it was a bonus structure, which is in relation to 7.2 Can you see the 15% increase every quarter once we hit 100 followers? So that's addressed here on the table. Oh, so

Speaker 1  18:55  
mine was different to this. The one I opened up was, did you open was it

Jordan  19:00  
COVID revised or, I don't know Anyway, okay, because there's one that's called social media marketing proposal, and then the new one. So the updated one, oh, let's just use this physical one. Then that's fine, revised, but yeah, so that's addressing it there. And then your other comment will provide a report at the end of the month.

Speaker 1  19:31  
So we got to have, if we go look at just the bonus side of things, everything else is pretty good. Are you happy with that once we reach 100 followers? Yeah,

Jordan  19:39  
no, that's fine. From that one engagement rate you mentioned the conversion, 75 bonus quarterly. So I've updated that as well from what was originally there.

Unknown Speaker  19:49  
Cool, tick off on that. And that's, is this all quarterly?

Jordan  19:55  
Yeah. So they're

Speaker 1  19:57  
pretty easy to achieve these in three months, essentially, think so, yeah, and then 5% and I saw how you've done it, you showed me there was some document

Jordan  20:07  
here. Yeah, there's the that's in here, actually, yeah. So that's like, based on the more

Speaker 1  20:16  
followers you get, the harder the engagement rate is. Is that right? You need more interactions.

Jordan  20:21  
I mean, I think this formula, here's the formula, yeah. So likes, plus climates, plus shares divided by followers times 100 Yeah. So, yeah, it varies. But, like, check that links, clicks, cool. Like I said, I only put it

Speaker 1  20:36  
in there because you suggested something to incentivize. You know, it to be, yeah, but it's not like

Jordan  20:41  
we can't change it, like I popped in there that go as we go, kind of thing. Yeah, cool.

Unknown Speaker  20:48  
I'm happy with all those. Everything else looks

Jordan  20:50  
good. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  20:54  
So then, do you want me to sign physical here? No.

Jordan  20:58  
Do you have the email? Let me

Speaker 1  21:01  
proposal, or I can resend it to you know what might have happened? I might have scrolled straight down to the appendix. Oh, this is just the appendix. Yes, so that's I've actually got a sign. I think this

Jordan  21:15  
one because I just put the appendix with a sign for, like, acknowledgement of it, and that's

Speaker 1  21:22  
sorry, because I saw this email and it said, No, I know it's impossible come. And I was like, Okay, it's the next one time commitment, the retainer invoicing, bonus structure, okay, yeah, I didn't see this document, so that's all good, yeah,

Jordan  21:37  
but I can print you this. I'll print you out another copy of this, if you like.

Speaker 1  21:44  
That's, oh, maybe just, just print out. Yeah, why don't you print out? I'll print you out a copy.

Jordan  21:49  
Just be easier, some

Unknown Speaker  21:51  
proceed proof. Cool.

Jordan  21:57  
And then I think might be the appendix. One is like that as well,

Unknown Speaker  22:03  
and we decided appendix two, I think

Jordan  22:06  
in the way that I sent it, yes, please. Hang on draft unapproved fair is my approved

Unknown Speaker  22:19  
summary of the data source and the metrics. Yeah,

Jordan  22:21  
just explaining it. It's just more, not an agreement, but an acknowledgement of how that will be calculated. And I'll add like UTMs and all of that, actually been working on something as an easier way to like. It's not done yet, but Give

Jordan  22:51  
me two seconds. Sorry. I

Jordan  23:20  
it. While that does that. Might as well look at the analytics.

Speaker 1  23:42  
Yeah, cool. So once, just back to the website and the logo, once that logo we've signed off on, yep, I know it's, it's tight time frame, but ideally I'd love it up at the website, up and running by at least in that you know, it doesn't need to be fully finished, a bit like the optic core one, we can always add to it. But

Jordan  24:01  
soft launch, soft launch,

Unknown Speaker  24:03  
July 1, sort of five and a half, six weeks,

Jordan  24:08  
yeah? And it gives it so good times right around the financial

Speaker 1  24:11  
Yeah, yeah. And even if it's just like the landing page with a few icons, and

Jordan  24:17  
that'd be great, yeah, I think yeah, at least, like a time page or something is achievable, certainly, but yeah, what I'm going to do, which I think I mentioned in the report there, but haven't done as of yet, is add UTM Links. J,

Unknown Speaker  24:39  
what's a UTM link, sorry, so it's

Jordan  24:43  
refiner in here.

Jordan  24:52  
Basically it's like a metric which tracks exactly where someone has come from when they've clicked on it. So just what's been happening

Speaker 1  25:05  
in the last 90 days. So if we go to last 30 days, I think we'll see it's thirsty to the left, down a bit.

Jordan  25:17  
Last 30 days, maybe a bit slower. Okay. Thank you. New users, is up there Interesting? Yeah, active users, and it's not even me, it's interesting. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  25:32  
Japan Sure is. So this is for the website. This

Jordan  25:39  
is the website. Yes, wow, that's very specific.

Speaker 1  25:46  
I'll ask you, Kiko, if she lives in Sayama, she'll be very spooked. Interesting, cool, yeah, so as part of this package, you'll just do a quick

Jordan  25:57  
summary report, yeah, somewhere inside on the Instagram, yeah, yeah. Just so I'll give you like a view of things. That'd be great. It might take a few goes to get the metrics we're interested in. Yeah, I'll build out a report,

Speaker 1  26:10  
and it might be worth also doing the most successful post or real for that month, something like that. So we can say, Okay, was it the post itself? Was it who posted it? Was who, then you know what, and

Jordan  26:23  
we can keep tracking that history, seeing if it's like, oh, that waterproof. Because, like, that's definitely stuff we see on Instagram. Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  26:54  
Have we got any posts that we're

Jordan  26:56  
about to I haven't gone live on anything. Well, we changed this arrangement, which I think is mentioned in there. I know there was one that you asked me to do, which I think you sent me photos for, so that would be the next thing coming up. Anyway, annoyingly, the thing I wanted to show you is not Working. But basically, why

Speaker 2  27:38  
is this not working? Sorry,

Jordan  27:49  
but effectively, basically working on was a thing where you can just when you've got something we need to post, it's like an app on your phone, okay, basically, I can send it to you, yeah, and this way it will be connected and but then I'll also be able to keep track a lot better. Cool.

Speaker 1  28:12  
Yeah, awesome. So it's just like a dashboard where I can drop, yeah, drop a post and say, put some words and make it look pretty.

Jordan  28:19  
Yeah, exactly. So this isn't working, which is annoying, but yeah, you can literally add it to your home screen as a thing and then basically put in all,

Unknown Speaker  28:35  
yeah, cool. That sounds great. So I,

Jordan  28:38  
once I've done done that, I'll send that in the meantime, maybe just text me those things and then we'll transition to using that app, but at least if I've got a text. I can easily see it.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
